he's like a little kid that's
where we're trying to put the
first electronic tag on a
free-flying migrating monarch
butterfly
if that works then we could for
the first time really follow
them in the wild how they
migrate and find out exactly how
they do it
I would start with the left off
here the bag is made out of a
small battery like a hearing aid
battery a little circuit and it
just beeps and we received this
over the radio in an antenna and
that allows us to follow the end
taking out
they only have a few habitat
places if those areas are
destroyed then there's no
monarch butterflies anymore
big boy
wow that's big the biggest part
of why we've got it
her goes it successful the
animal doesn't seem to be
affected by the tax so they move
around
normally they just do their
regular thing and you can follow
me
party or anything nope
lower touch the ground
once we locate them from the air
we come back we want to find
them again you want to see what
they're doing here yes that's it
yeah
ok boys ready to go but
Wisconsin find a girlfriend
there we go
yeah
ok
you headed out that way right
along the tree line northeast
I built this thing from scratch
to get aerial shots for
conservation research